Update installation.md (#10020)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/frigate/installation.md

You need to configure 2 paths:

> - The location of your config file in yaml format, this needs to be file and you need to go to the location of where your config.yml is located, this will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. `/docker/frigate/config/config.yml` will mount to `/config/config.yml` within the container. From v13 this mapping needs to be the entire folder instead of specifically the config.yml. So remove the '.yml'. For the example above this would become;  `/docker/frigate/config/config' and `/config/config` within the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The location of your config directory which will be different depending on your NAS folder structure e.g. `/docker/frigate/config` will mount to `/config` within the container.
```
